Mr. Xu is today's charity king
Please invite Mr. Xu to the stage to lead the dance.
I can't lead
I can only square dance
I'm just a security guard
I think everyone has their own ideas
Have their own value
Donating money to me is my worth
Leave the dancing to my secretary
This man's face is indeed expensive
Mr. Xu, you are so generous in your charity
Can't you take care of me?
I also need money
I said why do you have to let me come
Are you good with that stinky security guard tradition?
To humiliate me, right?
Zhao Zixuan, you are crazy
Did you sleep with him?
What the hell are you doing?
Last time you found someone to embarrass me, forget it
This time in front of so many people
Do you want to step on my face?
Skinny little white face
The woman who slept with me still wants to beat me, right?
Zhao Zixuan 50 million
I don't think your face is worth a penny.
Dare to pollute humans again
Believe it or not, I'll kill you.
Xu Tao, where are you going?